README.md, before:

# CC-News-Tools
This repo contains a number of tools that assist in working with the
*Common Crawl News* collection. In particular, the *CC-News-En* corpus
can be reproduced or extended using these tools. 

## Usage
If you use the `CC-News-En` collection, please cite the overview paper:
```
@inproceedings{ccnews2020,
 title = {CC-News-En: A Large English News Corpus},
 author = {J. Mackenzie and R. Benham and M. Petri and J. R. Trippas and J. S. Culpepper and A. Moffat},
 booktitle = {Proc. CIKM},
 pages = {To Appear},
 year = {2020},
}
```
The paper can be found at the following DOI: https://doi.org/10.1145/3340531.3412762

## Credits
The CC-News-En corpus is derived from the CC-News crawl, which is made
possible by the [Common Crawl Foundation](https://commoncrawl.org/).

## Paper
The paper describing the dataset will be available soon. In the meantime, please take a look at the data
at the URL below.

## Data
If you are just looking for the raw corpus and query data, you can download it 
from [AARNET CloudStor](https://cloudstor.aarnet.edu.au/plus/s/M8BvXxe6faLZ4uE).

## Common Index File Format
We provide a [Common Index File Format (CIFF)](https://github.com/osirrc/ciff) 
blob built from an [Anserini](https://github.com/castorini/anserini) index of CC-News-En
at the same URL. This allows users to adapt the Anserini (Lucene) index to a number of
other systems (or write their own CIFF ingestor for their selected system). Please see
the CIFF repo (and the associated paper) for further information on the format.
Finally, we also provide the normalized queries with the same preprocessing as the
underlying CIFF index (from Lucene) so you can get started right away.

## Building CC-News-En from scratch
**Located in the TikaLuceneWarc directory.**\
Based on the original [TikaLuceneWarc](https://github.com/mpetri/TikaLuceneWarc)
library, this contains the code required to process the corpus, including
both downloading the raw data and doing the English filtering.

## Building an Indri Index over CC-News-En
**Located in the IndriIndex directory.**\
Tools for building an [Indri](http://www.lemurproject.org/indri/) index over 
CC-News-En. 

## Getting popularity data from Reddit
**Located in the RedditTitle directory.**\
Scripts for crawling temporally relevant Reddit Titles. These tools are based
on the [Pushshift](https://github.com/pushshift/api) Reddit API.

## Building document summaries
**Located in the DocumentSummary directory.**\
Scripts and tools for generating document summary information. Also includes
scripts for generating audio transcripts of summaries.

Commit message:

Update README and add simple dl script

README.md, after:

# CC-News-Tools
This repo contains a number of tools that assist in working with the
*Common Crawl News* collection. In particular, the *CC-News-En* corpus
can be reproduced or extended using these tools. 

## Usage
If you use the `CC-News-En` collection, please cite the overview paper:
```
@inproceedings{ccnews2020,
 title = {CC-News-En: A Large English News Corpus},
 author = {J. Mackenzie and R. Benham and M. Petri and J. R. Trippas and J. S. Culpepper and A. Moffat},
 booktitle = {Proc. CIKM},
 pages = {3077--3084},
 year = {2020},
}
```
The paper can be found at the following DOI: https://doi.org/10.1145/3340531.3412762

## Credits
The CC-News-En corpus is derived from the CC-News crawl, which is made
possible by the [Common Crawl Foundation](https://commoncrawl.org/).

## Paper
The paper describing the dataset will be available soon. In the meantime, please take a look at the data
at the URL below.

## Data
If you are just looking for the raw corpus and query data, you can download it 
from [AARNET CloudStor](https://cloudstor.aarnet.edu.au/plus/s/M8BvXxe6faLZ4uE).

The `get_warc.sh` script provides a simple method of downloading the warc file-by-file. Users may wish to
adapt this script for their own needs (with parallel downloads, for example).


## Common Index File Format
We provide a [Common Index File Format (CIFF)](https://github.com/osirrc/ciff) 
blob built from an [Anserini](https://github.com/castorini/anserini) index of CC-News-En
at the same URL. This allows users to adapt the Anserini (Lucene) index to a number of
other systems (or write their own CIFF ingestor for their selected system). Please see
the CIFF repo (and the associated paper) for further information on the format.
Finally, we also provide the normalized queries with the same preprocessing as the
underlying CIFF index (from Lucene) so you can get started right away.

## Building CC-News-En from scratch
**Located in the TikaLuceneWarc directory.**\
Based on the original [TikaLuceneWarc](https://github.com/mpetri/TikaLuceneWarc)
library, this contains the code required to process the corpus, including
both downloading the raw data and doing the English filtering.

## Building an Indri Index over CC-News-En
**Located in the IndriIndex directory.**\
Tools for building an [Indri](http://www.lemurproject.org/indri/) index over 
CC-News-En. 

## Getting popularity data from Reddit
**Located in the RedditTitle directory.**\
Scripts for crawling temporally relevant Reddit Titles. These tools are based
on the [Pushshift](https://github.com/pushshift/api) Reddit API.

## Building document summaries
**Located in the DocumentSummary directory.**\
Scripts and tools for generating document summary information. Also includes
scripts for generating audio transcripts of summaries.
